carl and his wife olivia had dinner they
ate the same dishes
french fries some fish and vegetable
salad
half an hour later carl felt unwell and
called the ambulance
but when specialists arrived he was
already unconscious
the man was immediately taken to a
hospital luckily
doctors had enough time to save him when
they figured out what was wrong with
carl
everyone was shocked the man had been
poisoned
but how could it happen he and his wife
ate the same dishes
but olivia was perfectly fine even more
surprising
the next day the police arrested the
woman for trying to poison her husband
how come
olivia made all the dishes not salty
enough
and put poison in the salt shaker
peter graduated from the police academy
and began to work as a trainee detective
one week after the guy started his new
job he already had the first tricky case
on his hands
one of his colleagues was investigating
a series of crimes connected with
smuggling
she was close to solving the case but
several days ago
the woman disappeared peter visited the
last location where his colleague was
spotted
and found a note 710-57735 three four
five five oh eight five one seven seven
one eight peter has three suspects
bill a manager in an oil company todd
a jeweler and john a car dealer
who's the criminal
peter has managed to prove he deserves
his detective badge
the guy turned the message upside down
and tried to read it that way
surprisingly the letters made rather
legible words
bill is boss he sells oil
something went wrong in a super secret
laboratory
there was a leak of a newly developed
experimental chemical
and it made several plants and animals
mutate in the blink of an eye
scientists ended up locked in one room
with the vicious monsters
one of the researchers managed to figure
out how they could get out of this dire
situation
but the substance they needed was in
another part of the laboratory
the scientists could get there through
one of three corridors
the first was guarded by fire-breathing
crocodiles
hey it was an experimental laboratory
after all
the second corridor was filled with
meat-eating sunflowers with extra sharp
teeth
and the third passage was swarming with
venomous bees
which one should the scientists choose
they should opt for the corridor with
the sunflowers those are plants
and however scary they are they can't
move
terry and alice fell in love and started
going out
but the woman's best friend sarah was
jealous of their relationship
alice didn't want to lose her friendship
and tried to keep the dates with her
boyfriend
in secret that's why she left him coded
messages with the places where they were
going to meet
that day terry found a new note it
looked like this
at first he was puzzled but soon enough
he realized where he was going to see
alice can you figure it out
alice told terry to meet her at the
street corner
patrick called the police the man seemed
to be worried sick
my wife victoria took our dog for a walk
in the afternoon
several hours ago our pooch returned
alone
i don't know where vicky is the police
questioned the suspects
mrs summers said she'd been watching tv
all day long
i was busy delivering the mail said the
postman
i didn't have time to linger in this
area and i didn't see anything
and mr thomas told the police he'd been
working in his home office
the detective knew at once one of these
people was lying
who was it
it was the postman his sleeve is a bit
torn
and there's a dog bite on his arm plus
some black fur is stuck to his pants
victoria's dog probably tried to protect
the woman
three expensive watches have been stolen
from mr brown's store this year
the police can't help the poor man he
decides to hire a private detective
when laura arrives she immediately asks
for the cctv footage from january to
december
after watching it she tells the store
owner who the thief is
what has she noticed in the video
the same guy came to the store several
times in april
august and november and every time
he has a cast on his arm but no broken
bone would need eight months to heal
joe had a friend randy who never
answered questions directly
once joe sent randy a message inviting
him to join their common friends in a
cafe
randy's answer was kinda weird
sorry no money job and job
luckily joe knew his friend well enough
to understand what he meant
but can you figure it out
[Music]
randy meant he had no money because he
was
in between jobs the next time joe texted
randy was when he needed some advice
despite all his quirks his friend was
very good at finding solutions to
difficult situations
so joe wrote my girlfriend took my
professional camera without asking
permission
and then she accidentally smashed it
what should i do
the answer was bizarre not that it was
unexpected
give get give get give get
give get at first joe didn't think he
wanted to follow this advice
but a bit later he decided it was the
best course of action
what was the advice
forgive and forget dylan was an
extremely popular guy in his office
tall handsome funny and friendly but
there was one thing that made certain
people dislike him
the man had a new girlfriend every month
that friday dylan came to work happier
than he'd ever felt
he finally bought the car of his dreams
at lunchtime
he went to the parking lot to check in
on his new toy
oh no his car was a mess scratched and
covered in paint
dylan went pale and called security he
had three suspects
all of them his exes andrea said she
didn't even know dylan had got a new car
catherine answered she'd been preparing
a report for their boss
and hadn't left her desk and mila told
the guy she'd forgiven him long ago
who ruined dylan's car
[Music]
it was katherine she had some smeared
paint on her skirt
and the color is the same as the paint
on the man's car
two maids work in a small hotel in the
mountains
one day the hotel owner finds out one of
them regularly steals stuff from guests
but he doesn't know which one it is look
at these maids cleaning the rooms
can you help the owner understand who's
[Music]
guilty
the maid on the right hasn't noticed the
ring under the sofa
she might not be a great cleaner but
also not a thief
as for the mate on the left she spotted
the ring and put it in her bucket
it means she's going to take it for
herself after she finishes cleaning
she's the one who steals things one
afternoon
all the money was stolen from the
register of a small cafe on the beach
the police have five suspects all of
them claim they haven't been to the cafe
in the past hour
look at them closely and try to figure
out who's the thief
it's the guy with a cocktail in his hand
he definitely bought it in the cafe
but then why did he lie about not
visiting the place
police officer cheryl adams was visiting
her colleagues in another town
she was walking along the river taking
pictures to send to her husband
when a man crashed into her they both
fell to the ground
after helping cheryl to her feet the man
started to apologize
it turned out someone had stolen his
wallet and he was trying to catch the
thief
i was painting my boat and my wallet was
lying next to me
but then i got distracted just for a
moment
but when i turned back the wallet wasn't
there anymore
cheryl understood the thief couldn't
have gone far
she pulled the man to the nearby pier
there were four people there
after looking at them closely the police
officer knew
who the thief was now it's your turn to
figure it out
[Music]
it's the man who's talking on the phone
there's some green paint on his feet
julia came to have lunch in her favorite
restaurant she occupied a table near the
window
and put her bag in the seat next to her
once the woman gave her order to the
waiter
she went to the bathroom to wash her
hands but when she returned to the table
her bag was open and her wallet was
missing
the waiter told her he had noticed only
one man passing by her table
he was short with a tattoo on his neck
he seemed to go out to the terrace
julia rushed there and saw three people
sitting at their tables
she looked at them closely and soon
understood who'd taken her wallet
who was the thief
it's the young woman on the right you
can see a wig
and some men's clothing in her bag plus
she's wearing a turtleneck
to cover her tattoo